our first guest tonight earned their
licenses to ill more than 30 years ago
they've grown from beastie boys to
beastie men right before our eyes their
whole story is here Beastie Boys book
please welcome Mike Deann add Rob
Michael diamond and Adam
[Applause]
[Music]
are the BR Beastie Boys fans of the
Bosstones is that what happened there
yes look at this I feel like a toddler
look at this
I don't even reach we do it to humiliate
our guests Thanks
you're not a short guy really why I
don't know what's going on with these
chairs I just wanted to show off my
socks nice oh you got a close-up yeah
lot of holiday cheer I know who gave you
those socks who tonight gave me this
song there you go nice
I saw your live show you guys did this
great two-man show here in LA about a
month ago and you talked about your
lives you talk about a lot of the
stories that are here on the You
fidgeted with the furniture in this way
and it was just it was so interesting
and it was so I don't know enlightening
in a lot of ways I think what I took
from it more than anything is what great
friends you really are I mean you guys
really are good friends trading stocks
with each other my body language says
otherwise did you imagine we could both
fit in here Mike if you want to be in
you guys head out to write this book did
you imagine that it would wind up
weighing like 14 pounds like it there be
this much cuz this thing is chock full
of stuff not and not just stories but
you got pictures in here which a lot of
people do but you have a comic book in
here you've got artwork in here you've
got a cookbook cookbook really joy a
graphic novel a great abbreviated
graphic novel one another fun thing
that's in the book and I want to mention
this this is a report card that was in
the sleeve of a kool Moe Dee album
correct
yeah I mean deposed young Modi he gave
grades and an actual number to each
member of the rap community at this time
what year did this come out this is wait
oh actually 80 80 yeah you would have to
be after Licensed to Ill so I'm gonna go
with 1988 so kool Moe Dee he's got
different categories vocabulary
articulation creativity gives himself
10s in almost every category he gives
a 95 an A+ and then you see those LL
Cool J gets a 90 which is an a Dougie
fresh an 86 a b-plus Run DMC Abby and
Beastie Boys actually you got the lowest
grade on anybody a C we have the
absolute worst grade yeah the entire he
thinks we suck yes okay it's not even
suck like he needed me give me an MBA
BSC which is kind of worse and a worker
is the worst what was cool maldis deal
with that I mean did you ever speak to
him about this we we have not confronted
him you have not about this no no it's
actually weird because we love kool Moe
Dee like we loved treacherous three and
they're like a huge deal and then that
comes out we're like wow it's actually
kind of funny at the time did you think
it was funny or are you a little
girlfriend yeah it's pretty funny yeah
well you guys live together a number of
times and not just when you're starting
out you continued to live together after
you were successful but one of the
places you live is an apartment in
Chinatown you Anatomy I lived in a place
in Chinatown Co inhabited yes and it was
a weird place it was not your regular
apartment I mean the floor was paved
with like as fault so if you walked on a
bare feet you know with bare feet your
feet would be black yeah bad for indoor
there was there was an issue with vermin
mm-hmm otherwise no one in New York
cities and rats yep oh there was a
bathtub in the middle of the room I mean
it was just it was it was just in
bathtubs in the kitchen right well yeah
it's just one room okay so with the
bathtub in the middle of it and a sort
of kitchen next to it and then they put
up curtains four bedrooms and there was
no showers the only way to get yourself
clean it's in the bathtub in the kitchen
right right wait so and put you on full
sort of public display within the I mean
I would call this place a loft but it
just like lot of people think it's like
some about a nine and a half weeks right
yeah not bad at all you were talking
about Mike eating and no so so I would
call I'd be on the phone with the out
this happened a few times I'd be on the
phone with you out and Adam yakin in the
middle of call you be oh no
like what's going on you like Mike's
doing it again like what and he's like
he's taking a bath but he's standing up
getting snacks out of the refrigerator
the mission god yes is painting this you
depict what happened there and yes
Guillermo make sure we see that hole Wow
yeah no I know Adam still finds us a
little bit shocking yeah it is shocking
I want to say this was a very efficient
use of my time the hygiene
I'm hydrating right some snacks enjoying
some intimates as well yeah what's the
most difficult thing to eat in the
bathtub
well I Adam did point out the other day
that eating Entenmann's in the bathtub
meant that probably crumbs fell into the
bathtub which is that clean like are
those clean crumbs that's gonna have to
be a question you ask God after you die
I don't rub cookie crumb you wouldn't
rub cookies on ya you know hood this is
what we should open up a spa this is
like me an extra right it's like a bath
some kind of a bath we have something
special when we come back you're talking
about this my get Adam are here they're
covered with cookie crumbs it's
disgusting but we'll be right back hi
I'm Judy Kim oh I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true assuming your dreams are
to watch more YouTube videos